filter import resources use labelSelector (#376)
kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator: simulator/docs/import-cluster-resources.md

- Set `true` to `externalImportEnabled`.
- Set the path of the kubeconfig file for the your cluster to `KubeConfig`. 
  - This feature only requires the read permission for resources.

> - Set labels which you want to import to `importLabel`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [optional] Set a label selector at `importLabel` if you want to import specific resources only.
```
